README.md, before:

# download-youtube-channel-hq


Okay, so here's how this thing works:

<sudo> bash script.sh -u <youtube channel URL> -d <directory to download the videos to>

the -d flag is just the directory to which you want to download the videos.
You don't need a trailing slash, but it won't really matter.

the -u flag takes urls in the format of

https://www.youtube.com/channel/channelID

or

https://www.youtube.com/user/username

i.e.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-29noNLkfOOA-LvNmaXoiA

or

https://www.youtube.com/user/thesqrtminus1


The reason I chose to allow channel IDs is because not every YouTube channel has chose to make a custom url as a username.
Some people just leave it at the default, which means that their channel is only accessible via the URL with a channel ID in it.
Which is annoying.
You can NOT use https://www.youtube.com/username yet, because I'm still working on that functionality.
And also because I literally just discovered that every channel can be accessed via youtube.com/username.
While writing this readme.
Whoops.


BUGS:

```
                      .-.
                     ()I()
                "==.__:-:__.=="
               "==.__/~|~\__.=="
               "==._(  Y  )_.=="
    .-'~~""~=--...,__\/|\/__,...--=~""~~'-.
   (               ..=\=/=..               )
    `'-.        ,.-"`;/=\ ;"-.,_        .-'`
        `~"-=-~` .-~` |=| `~-. `~-=-"~`
             .-~`    /|=|\    `~-.
          .~`       / |=| \       `~.
      .-~`        .'  |=|  `.        `~-.
    (`     _,.-="`    |=|    `"=-.,_     `)
     `~"~"`           |=|           `"~"~`
                      |=|
                      |=|
                      |=|
                      /=\



                 \   / 
                 .\-/. 
             /\  () ()  /\ 
            /  \ /~-~\ /  \ 
                y  Y  V 
          ,-^-./   |   \,-^-.
         /    {    |    }    \
               \   |   / 
               /\  A  /\ 
              /  \/ \/  \ 
             /           \


       / .'
 .---. \/
(._.' \()
 ^"""^"



                      ""$o               o$""
                         ""$o           o$"                      o
   "$""""o                  "o         $"                 o""" $"
         "$o                "$o" $o "  $                 o$"
          "$o               $$$o$$$$o$$$$               $"
            "oooo      o "" ""$$$$$$$$""o"" oo     oooo"
             "$$$$$$oo"oo$$$o" o$$$$oo" o$$$o "o$$$$$$$
                   "$ $$$$$$$$$oo   o$$$$$$$$$o"$"
                   $ $$$   $$$$$$  o$$$$$$  "$$o"o
                  $ $$$$o  $$$$$$  $$$$$$$  $$$$o"o
                 $  $$$$$  $$$$$"   "$$$$$ $$$$$$ $
                  $o""""" """"         """ """"""$"
                 $  o$$$$$"""$$$$$"$$$$$""$$$$$ooo"o
                 $  o"$o $$$$$$$$oo$$$$$$$$o $$""  $
              oo$     "$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$" o" o $oo
           o$$$"$ $$o"o $$$$$$$"" "$$$$$$$    o$$ $$$$o      UN BUG
         o$$$$" $ $$$$ o "$$$$$oo o$$$$$$  "o$$$$ $ $$$$$
        o$$""    $ $$$$$o" "$$$$$$$$$$$$$ o o$$$$$o$   "" $$
        $$"      $ $$$"  o"o$$$$$$$$$$$$   " "$$$ $       $$o
       o$$       "o $$    "  $$$$$$$$$$$"o    "$$ $       $$$
       $$$      oo$ $       o""$$""$$$o "      $"o$o      $$$o
      o$$$$   o$$$"o"$oo$$$$o" o     $o $$$$$oo$ $$$$o    $$$$
      $$$$   $$$$" $ $$$$$""   $$  o$$$ """$$$$"o" "$$$o  "$$$o
      $$$" o """    $ $$$oo   $$$$o" $$   o$$$"o"   """"$  o$$$
   o$"     $$$       $ "$"" o$"o"$$o$$$$  "$$"o"      o$$     "$oo
 $ "        $$o       $ "oo$"o$$$"o$o"$$$$o" o"       $$$       ""$o
$$          $$$o       "o$$o$"$$"$$o$$o$$"$$o"       $$$          ""o
             $$$        ""$$$ $$$$$$ $$$$ $"        $$$$            $$
             $$$$           $$$$"$$$o$ $""          $$$
              $$$$             "$$$ """            $$$$
              $$""                                 "$$
           oo$"                                       $ooo
          $                                             "$$


```

Commit message:

Made script download to $DIR/uploader{uploader_id} instead of to $DIR/users or channel/uploader{uploader_id}

README.md, after:

# download-youtube-channel-hq


Okay, so here's how this thing works:

<sudo> bash script.sh -u <youtube channel URL> -d <directory to download the videos to>

the -d flag is just the directory to which you want to download the videos.
You don't need a trailing slash, but it won't really matter.

the -u flag takes urls in the format of

https://www.youtube.com/channel/channelID

or

https://www.youtube.com/user/username

i.e.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-29noNLkfOOA-LvNmaXoiA

or

https://www.youtube.com/user/thesqrtminus1


This script will download all videos from channel -u into directory -d/uploader{uploader_id}


The reason I chose to allow channel IDs is because not every YouTube channel has chose to make a custom url as a username.
Some people just leave it at the default, which means that their channel is only accessible via the URL with a channel ID in it.
Which is annoying.
You can NOT use https://www.youtube.com/username yet, because I'm still working on that functionality.
And also because I literally just discovered that every channel can be accessed via youtube.com/username.
While writing this readme.
Whoops.


BUGS:

```
                      .-.
                     ()I()
                "==.__:-:__.=="
               "==.__/~|~\__.=="
               "==._(  Y  )_.=="
    .-'~~""~=--...,__\/|\/__,...--=~""~~'-.
   (               ..=\=/=..               )
    `'-.        ,.-"`;/=\ ;"-.,_        .-'`
        `~"-=-~` .-~` |=| `~-. `~-=-"~`
             .-~`    /|=|\    `~-.
          .~`       / |=| \       `~.
      .-~`        .'  |=|  `.        `~-.
    (`     _,.-="`    |=|    `"=-.,_     `)
     `~"~"`           |=|           `"~"~`
                      |=|
                      |=|
                      |=|
                      /=\



                 \   / 
                 .\-/. 
             /\  () ()  /\ 
            /  \ /~-~\ /  \ 
                y  Y  V 
          ,-^-./   |   \,-^-.
         /    {    |    }    \
               \   |   / 
               /\  A  /\ 
              /  \/ \/  \ 
             /           \


       / .'
 .---. \/
(._.' \()
 ^"""^"



                      ""$o               o$""
                         ""$o           o$"                      o
   "$""""o                  "o         $"                 o""" $"
         "$o                "$o" $o "  $                 o$"
          "$o               $$$o$$$$o$$$$               $"
            "oooo      o "" ""$$$$$$$$""o"" oo     oooo"
             "$$$$$$oo"oo$$$o" o$$$$oo" o$$$o "o$$$$$$$
                   "$ $$$$$$$$$oo   o$$$$$$$$$o"$"
                   $ $$$   $$$$$$  o$$$$$$  "$$o"o
                  $ $$$$o  $$$$$$  $$$$$$$  $$$$o"o
                 $  $$$$$  $$$$$"   "$$$$$ $$$$$$ $
                  $o""""" """"         """ """"""$"
                 $  o$$$$$"""$$$$$"$$$$$""$$$$$ooo"o
                 $  o"$o $$$$$$$$oo$$$$$$$$o $$""  $
              oo$     "$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$" o" o $oo
           o$$$"$ $$o"o $$$$$$$"" "$$$$$$$    o$$ $$$$o      UN BUG
         o$$$$" $ $$$$ o "$$$$$oo o$$$$$$  "o$$$$ $ $$$$$
        o$$""    $ $$$$$o" "$$$$$$$$$$$$$ o o$$$$$o$   "" $$
        $$"      $ $$$"  o"o$$$$$$$$$$$$   " "$$$ $       $$o
       o$$       "o $$    "  $$$$$$$$$$$"o    "$$ $       $$$
       $$$      oo$ $       o""$$""$$$o "      $"o$o      $$$o
      o$$$$   o$$$"o"$oo$$$$o" o     $o $$$$$oo$ $$$$o    $$$$
      $$$$   $$$$" $ $$$$$""   $$  o$$$ """$$$$"o" "$$$o  "$$$o
      $$$" o """    $ $$$oo   $$$$o" $$   o$$$"o"   """"$  o$$$
   o$"     $$$       $ "$"" o$"o"$$o$$$$  "$$"o"      o$$     "$oo
 $ "        $$o       $ "oo$"o$$$"o$o"$$$$o" o"       $$$       ""$o
$$          $$$o       "o$$o$"$$"$$o$$o$$"$$o"       $$$          ""o
             $$$        ""$$$ $$$$$$ $$$$ $"        $$$$            $$
             $$$$           $$$$"$$$o$ $""          $$$
              $$$$             "$$$ """            $$$$
              $$""                                 "$$
           oo$"                                       $ooo
          $                                             "$$


```
